Monday, 9/30/43:
Just arrived. Sky was the color of sherbet when I got dropped off. Tomorrow I start my new job as a remote farmer. Not exactly thrilled, but it's only for 30 days. Job itself is pretty simple. Program the robot to till the soil, drive over the tilled soil and plant seeds, water them everyday, and harvest the plants once they're fruiting. Shouldn't be too bad. Gonna get some sleep now, night.

Tuesday, 10/1/43:
Done with my first day. It's weird to see the field out of my window but not be able to go outside. The trailer's already feeling cramped.
Skimmed the manual last night. The robot's pretty typical - 5 program slots that accept all the standard cards: Move, Turn, Till, Water, Copy. Once you've slotted five cards you can run the program once, twice, or four times (I guess it's more time efficient to run the same program multiple times). Not as exciting as the mod clusters they use for big commercial contracts, but it'll do. Also - seems like I can draw single cards whenever, but at the start of the day I can also replace ALL the cards in my hand - good to know. And of course, all of this costs time...

Wednesday, 10/2/43:
Done with my second day. Noticed something unsettling about the cards I've been getting from the satellite. They're supposed to send the same ones each day, but every day they're different - it almost seems random, like the satellite's glitching or something. Sent an email about it this morning, but haven't gotten a response back yet. Who knows how bad the packet loss is out here - hope they see it. Otherwise they're gonna be pretty annoyed when they come pick me up.

Thursday, 10/3/43:
TGIF haha. Got a response back, finally. Apparently they're "looking into it". Very condescending.
I have to admit though, it's nice having a place to myself finally. Especially after having to share bunkbeds on the ship in. Those dudes made me seriously uncomfortable.
It feels amazing to finally get a good night's sleep.

Friday, 10/4/43:
Another day. Spruced up the trailer a little. Put up a mirror on one wall so I can check myself out while I work. Even if no one else sees me, it's fun to dress up a little.

Saturday, 10/5/43:
Sunday's my favorite day of the week. Even in a trailer, it feels special. Listened to a whole album with my eyes closed to celebrate.

Sunday, 10/6/43:
Watching the robot move around through the window, it struck me how weird it is that I haven't talked to anyone in six days. I can't begin to imagine how weird I'm probably getting without realizing it. 

Monday, 10/7/43:
Played videogames after work today. Spun up a copy of an old MMO I used to play with my friends in school and wandered around the empty world for a bit reminiscing. I can't believe how much time I wasted playing this thing.

Tuesday, 10/8/43:
Today I noticed someone had graffitied a heart onto the side of the robot. Very cute! I hope it's always been there tho... O_O

Wednesday, 10/9/43:
Woke up in the middle of the night last night and threw up, then felt fine afterward. I guess it's not uncommon for this stuff to happen in recycled environments, but it's still a little worrying.

Thursday, 10/10/43:
Was bored today and read a little about the history of this colony. Apparently it was a testbed for some of those early bioadaptation experiments. I guess when those flopped the company behind them sold it for agriculture. It's hard to believe people thought someone could survive out here.

Friday, 10/11/43:
Work today felt like it would never end. That robot moves so SLOW!

Saturday, 10/12/43:
I got an email from my parents today. It took me like an hour to write back two sentences and I felt totally drained afterwards. Lately I've been feeling more and more like I'm not able to talk with my parents as easily as I used to.

Sunday, 10/13/43:
The wind outside sounds weird tonight. It almost sounds like voices talking and laughing. Being alone this long is definitely getting to me.

Monday, 10/14/43:
Thought about my last relationship during and after dinner tonight. I wish that we could be friends again, but I don't know if it'll ever happen. Maybe it's for the best. but it doesn't feel like it.

Tuesday, 10/15/43:
Something really bad happened. I got an email from the company. They're not picking me up. They aren't picking me up!!! They expect me to SURVIVE out here though the WINTER!!! WTF !!?!?? I don't even know if I'll be able to harvest enough food in time, I could starve out here!!!! What's WRONG WITH THEM??

Wednesday, 10/16/43:
Easier to think today. Did some math. I'm going to need to harvest 30 plants before 30 days are over and winter hits. That'll be enough to feed myself through winter. Then, assuming they're not totally full of it, the company is going to pick me up when the next warm cycle starts. Otherwise, I don't even know. Trying hard to remain calm. 

Thursday, 10/17/43:
Today hasn't been easy. Grateful to be alive. Almost killed myself by accident. Meant to run some tests on the trailer, somehow actually opened the vents. Closed it as fast as I could, but I definitely took in some native air. Vision wouldn't stop swimming. Really scared. A little better now, but it's not going to be easy falling asleep tonight. Trying to focus on plants.

Friday, 10/18/43:
Weirdly focused today. Situation didn't feel any less real, but my thoughts just automatically snapped to the task at hand. I even changed clothed and bathed for the first time since I got the email. Maybe this just happens after you realize you might die.

Saturday, 10/19/43:
Woke up early today and got right to work. Pessimistic outlooks lead to pessimistic outcomes. Spent the evening with my head pressed to the window as the sun set.

Sunday, 10/20/43:
Today I had a very strange experience. I had my head pressed to the window, just like I was doing last night. The sun had just gone down and I had closed my eyes when I felt myself float out of my body and fall through the wall, out of the trailer. I opened my eyes and saw I was gliding low to the ground, between plants through the field. I crested the hill I saw so often from my window and went up, up, up into the sky, and when I looked down I saw something unbelievable.

I'm going out there tomorrow. If it's true - if it's true...

Monday, 10/21/43:
I can't believe it. It's real. Just over the hill, so close the whole time!! A spaceship. How long has it been there? Why is it even there in the first place? I've never felt as much hope or fear as I did when I tried turning it on. It works. I can escape.

But I'll need enough food.

Tuesday, 10/22/43:
Did some calculations. Figured out how much food I'll need to get to civilization again. 50. I'll need 50 plants. I've never harvested that much on any job, let alone one with a broken satellite. But there it is.

Wrote an email to my parents. Decided against telling them any of this. Sorry, parents.

Wednesday, 10/23/43:
Had a dream last night that I was a plant, growing silently in the field outside, expressing its will to survive by simply continuing to live. Woke up feeling very calm and well rested. 

Thursday, 10/24/43:
Dreamt I was the field, feeling roots burrowing into me. It feels so real that when I wake up it's like I never slept.

Five more days till winter. Better start focusing on harvesting what I have.

Friday, 10/25/43:
Hummed along with the plants today. I realized I can hear them growing. I know how odd this would sound to someone reading this, but it feels perfectly natural. I planted them, after all.

Saturday, 10/26/43:
I think - when I accidentally opened the vents - if I had left the vents open longer... I don't think I would have died. Lately I've been feeling more and more like there's something this planet has in common with me - some secret our bodies share. I can't place it with my mind, but I can feel it. Something that's whole, and that's always there.

Sunday, 10/27/43:
Three days left. Last night I sat on the floor and felt the sun pass over me, grateful for every ray.

Monday, 10/28/43:
Two days left. Drafted some emails. I hope I don't have to send them.

Tuesday, 10/29/43:
One day left.

Wednesday, 10/30/43:

